Hello. Greetings. So what are you hoping that this exercise will illustrate?
This transcription sample will give us a idea of your transcription skills, whether
practice, natural, or burgeoning. Oh, I see. What are these skills?
We're looking for accuracy, even exact hits of content that is spoken, being reliably
transposed into written form. Yes, transcription has a lot to do with type and speed,
but that is not all, and it is not as easy as ABC. Sounds interesting, informative,
and I want to learn more. Can you tell me, certainly? First, you have to be able to
process the accents, dialect, speak and cadence of individuals in the recording. Sometimes even
especially at the speaker isn't speaking and totally good grammar. All right, second.
One needs to discern the challenge of content. Sometimes through contextual clues, or just
connecting to what is going on, and sometimes with the help of outside resources, such
as those provided, or through internet research. If this statement is made, the non-circum
substantial evidence will show that a 2003 view of GXL was stolen on the 9th February
or 8th 2000 in Pocups in New York, taken from the Finston Park parking lot of atmospheric
farm up to the stern pipe, all the pieces of critical content. In this case, the proper
nouns have to be accurate in the transcript, just as they should be in this sample exercise.
That is why there's extra time given to you to complete the sample. Even the exact spelling,
especially the exact spelling, even if you don't know the name return. If an attorney
said, I'm a Catholicer, and you couldn't understand her, but she also said, meaning
friend of the court, it would be your job to get the term right. Okay, a third ability
meeting is an ear that can be patient and tolerant, such as when there are multiple speakers
talking over one another, or a recording device setting, not functions.
Senate, speakers might find like this. We'll extend it to capture content.
Oh, I see. So there will be some replaying, even posing. Yes, exactly. In our transcription
work, there are two different main styles. Strict for biota main insurance and clean for
biota main for legal work. What is the difference if you don't mind me asking? I've
got a lot of questions all of a sudden, and I sincerely hope that someone like you and
you're elevated in form position might be able to help me understand what is all about.
So I can do the best job possible with this sample. Sure. Strict for biota is when you
type every word and utter and to speak or makes. So we like a speaker talk, like this,
even the, is captured in the transcript. This is important in insurance transcription, because
the transcript use can rely upon how an ant, a statement was given, as well as its content.
Got it. Just type what you hear. Is it a hyphen for a false start of a word? I assume
it's followed by a comma, just as you would sit off the up, right? Yes. Now, legal transcription
on the other hand is a formal representation of what happened in a preceding and relies
upon the clarity of the facts unimpeded by the speaker articulation. Very good to excellent
use of the English language is needed, including grammar and punctuation. If you don't
have a reliable foundation, you'll want to develop one, and there are lots of free online
websites that can help. We suggest grammarmonster.com and jumpcom.com as two good resources.
So on this sample, are you going to look at all this stuff? We sure are. Now, you don't
have to be absolutely perfect, but we do look for candidates who show that they understand
what is expected. I wish you good luck. Thank you for your time and effort. I'll do
my best. Thank you.
